[Docs] Discover 8.19 updates (#225124)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/get-started-discover.asciidoc

you don't have to select a data view. It's your query that determines the data to explore and display in Discover.

You can switch to the ES|QL mode of Discover from the application menu bar.
If you've entered a KQL or Lucene query in the default mode of Discover, it automatically converts to {esql}.

Note that in ES|QL mode, the **Documents** tab is named **Results**.

> IMPORTANT: When an ES|QL query times out, partial results that are available are shown. The timeout is defined by the `search:timeout` advanced setting, which is set to 10 mins by default. In serverless projects, this advanced setting is not customizable and the timeout is set to 10 minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: When an ES|QL query times out, partial results that are available are shown. The timeout is defined by the `search:timeout` advanced setting, which is set to 10 minutes (600000 ms) by default. In serverless projects, this advanced setting is not customizable and the timeout is set to 10 minutes.
```
